The people of Slovak Republic who is said to be the originator of folk dance
It is said to be the top level among ethnic dance groups in Slovakia
Music or the like street due to the fairies went to the house
A charity performance was performed in the disaster area Ishinomaki city on this day, and a lot of smiling flowers bloomed
The charity show was held at the time of the earthquake and saved many people as a shelter
Kadowaki junior high school physical education hall
It may be held in the disaster area Ishinomaki City
The ambassador of Slovakia also rushed
Version Amidaji Pagny Hello everyone
Is thrown in the Vestar 21 voice remains of darkness voce husband and bitter reverse mesh
It says its what or one consultation
Number of rolls of
It's about here I want to get my sister in the cast column
Sometimes they had suicide home of a company employee
It's been a long time since charity performances have been held and local people
450 people gathered
The beginning of a show that is said to be Slovak music that can be heard from another
The 12 difference is an ethnic dance troupe composed of selected young men and women
Now in the middle of the two performances that paint so much love
Wisdom also come to put away is Kurutame
In fact, the Slovak embassy to voice cliff of the charity corner there is a volunteer organization
Was what moved
After all I have to look forward and I have my dream and hope for that
I want to
So anyway you want to have fun
Mr. Kimoto was originally from the city of Ki City
After the earthquake , we have held a number of charity events here in Ishinomaki City
Even a little from the people sorrow of the immigration volley nata
Her volunteer work was born from such feelings
It is 100 Yeah fun it was got a healthy beneath
Now was fun I do it soon one year from the earthquake is a lot of in Ishinomaki you are going to stand
Smile flower bloomed
The charity show is a huge success
After the performance, they and the ambassador visited the disaster situation in Ishinomaki city and went
The damage of Ishinomaki city is 3182 dead
There are 557 people who are still missing
Ask the people who visited in this way a tour
Mr. Kimoto, a volunteer group, is also giving explanations after the earthquake
I was witnessing a school building which had burned in a large fire during the earthquake
The ambassador of Slovakia is
Cookies and the head he drew at b
With table
Suspect moment estimation
We are
There was a difference
disaster
Now j 6 turn harp assist af
What kind of message
The place where the fruit of the Slovak ambassador finally visited is 74 people , about 70% of all school children
Five faculty members have come to a sad point of death
Okawa Elementary School
Get a look at the actual disaster site visited ask the people who visit
The thoughts and have
With their own eyes the truth that I am seen because do not want to shift
And whether the dress to each other is a force cooperation in the wind say what the future
I think that I want you to think about whether I can help each other
We ask them to comment in the form of say
I want to make local people smile
At the same time photos and TV do not communicate
I want you to see and feel the real disaster area
If it leads to the reconstruction support from here on
Mr. Kimoto's activities will bring smiles to the disaster area in the future